---
layout: single
title:  "My Story"
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: /assets/posts/2021-06-05-my-story.png
date:   2021-06-05 20:59:41 -0230
categories: blog
excerpt: "A little about me and my history with RLS"
---
In 2006 I was working in the fitness/healthcare world as a Kinesiologist when I got word that I had not been accepted to the graduate program I had applied to. As an early 20-something, I hadn’t really known stress until that moment in my life.

My path for the next 2 years had been bulldozed. I had nothing else to look forward to.

Suddenly, I began to notice when I went to bed it wasn’t just my thoughts that were keeping me awake - it was also this weird urge to kick my legs, to move, to get out of bed and walk around, jump, stretch. Night after night I would get frustrated and wildly kick at my blankets - I’m pretty sure there was some screaming as well.

On a routine visit with my doctor after months of sleepless nights, she asked if there was anything else she could help me with. 

  “Well, I feel a little crazy bringing this up, but when I go to bed at night, I get this creepy, crawly feeling in my legs. Like I have to move them or get out of bed entirely and walk around.” 

I fully expected her to look at me sideways and ask me nicely to leave, but after a few more questions she diagnosed me with something called Restless Legs Syndrome.

A DIAGNOSIS! That meant there was a treatment, right?! Unfortunately, no. At that time her best suggestion was to try to better manage my stress.

A few days later I got a call from the school I had applied to - a spot had opened up and I was next on the waitlist if I wanted it. I had 4 weeks to secure tuition money, pack up my life and move to another province before classes started. So much for managing my stress!

In the 15 years since, I’ve done a lot of personal research and have tried many a home remedy. Some work, some don’t. What works for me, may not work for you. What worked last night, may not work tonight.

I’ve had nights I’ve felt helpless, desperate, frustrated. I’ve cried myself to sleep. I’ve woken up exhausted. I’ve had to call in sick to work because I’ve gotten no sleep the night before. I deal with anxiety and depression, not caused directly by RLS, but the rough nights certainly don’t help with those issues.

I’ve also had periods of “remission” - weeks, sometimes months, with no symptoms. And I honestly couldn’t tell you why or what I’ve done differently.

On this blog we’ll talk about triggers, what to avoid and what can help. In future posts I’ll highlight what specifically affects or helps me as we go more in depth.

One thing I’ve learned is that there is always more to learn, something new to try and I want Well Rested to be a way for me (and you) to develop our understanding of this condition and to come up with our own individual treatment routines that work. Strategies we can turn to on the rough nights. No more feeling helpless.

Here's hoping for restful legs!